by the light of their cell phones rescue
workers dig through the debris of a
residential building in elaa central
Gaza Israeli air strikes overnight and
into Friday morning also targeted Alat
refugee camp killing several
Palestinians one of the victims Yad Al
raag a journalist he and his young son
were killed when their family home was
bombed
those wounded in countless other attacks
stream into alaka
Hospital our house was bombarded says
this
child they bombed the house and
everything fell on our heads screams
another the World Health Organization
reports only 14 of gaza's 36 hospitals
are functioning and only
partially
in some cases doctors can do nothing but
watch unable to
help it's happening right in front of
our eyes this child has been killed and
nobody can do anything not even the
doctors can do anything for
him in KH yunes in the south of the
strip thousands of Palestinians are
preparing to leave for AL maasi west of
the
city the Israeli occupation planes
dropped leaflets saying that we must
Evacuate the area and go to the Nasser
medical complex via elbar street so
everyone left but there were violent
confrontations there the situation is
extremely difficult we're calling on the
Red Cross to come and escort people to
the safe passage Israel wants us to
use these families who've already lost
so much are now forced to flee yet again
this time to Wards the coast with no
guarantee that there'll be any safer
there Mike lappel Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer